fix(ins): content review and update (#2783)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/setup-k8s-cluster-rancher/index.mdx

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-workload_updated.webp" alt="" />
4. Access the application running on the second Instance by typing: `http://<second_instance_ip>:30000/` in a web browser. The Nginx demo application displays.

>     For more information about [Rancher](https://rancher.com/docs/rancher/v2.x/en/) and [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/home/) refer to the official documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more information about [Rancher](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/v2.6) and [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/home/) refer to the official documentation.
```
